Nooo... not the kragle!!
Lego!! Why are you doing this to me?! AGAIN?!
what exciting new sets are there??
https://www.twitch.tv/jumbosale_gaming
Hey folks!
oh no no! Oh no. No no.
I feel like I'm being summoned.
Also, folks, I'm not the only one on the moderator team too!!
Are you still experiencing issues?
Hey folks, just a quick update.
No denying that
Aww thank you all!
You owe me a lot of your deaths.
Don't mind me.
Welcome to our little corner of the internet world!
renamed to not scare myself
Please do more homework and seek more opinions kay?
I won't recommend this game to anybody who has a family...
sniff sniff "what's this strange new thing?" *BITE*
You can interpret it however you want. Ha!
I think I should clarify...
A bit lame but…
My dinner tonight makes me feel like Emperor Palpatine…
i mean.... you can just ignore central and western australian timezones
all but 1 australian is in melbourne/sydney/canberra area
ello
then crimson came, sneaked up on me and gave me a jumpscare
just being nosy
(Clutches wallet and cries)
(I tot this is gonna be a game, but no... it's not.)
It just shows that we folks here definitely have the chops
Ooo…
oh oh! new player!!
I thought I'm on Hermitcraft
Shush.
That was... just unexpected.
I admit I'm a data hoarder but...
erm.... anybody happen to have an allay head or a sniffer head?
Muahaha!
I guess that’s thanks to British colonialism
*gives up resisting*
you folks are a-door-able...
looking at pictures of ice cream right now at 3:30pm
can only salivate at that Cantaloupe Melon Pint Häagen-Dazs ice-cream
Smooth as Silk
munching on lunch
MMPHM MMERMM MM
Will this be a technical-issue-free stream?? 
Jumping into this thread where I don't really belong
Pokemon ASMR
i'll need to look into this
WAIT there’s such a thang????
That was more internal drama than I woke up expecting.
Sorry folks, despite your recommendations, I’ve decided to purchase Stanley.
Oh wells here goes nothing.
Rokuta, the real daddy chipping in!!
I... don't think I want to ask your dad.
Thanks Cherry!
Sorry, this is gonna be an ultra weird question from me...
I fear for the Lego bike…
(ﾉ▼д▼)ﾉ ~┻━┻ ☆☆`
Ngl, the slow zoom in is very ominous
jumbosale and crimson are talking about sliding down buildings
like "dafreak?"
i... was just reminiscing about my wild days eons ago...
I feel I’m doing better than whoever did this
Home is where the Wi-Fi is
Hey hey… cable management may be a utopia, but it’s not a myth.
no work + getting paid = pure happiness
i feel accomplished
"this is so bulky"
RGB LIGHTS~~~!!!
Being a bookworm is a pain for moving…
and she proceeded to laugh maniacally
Rubbish cleared!
Errr… blush… yes.
Jumbo is a very cranky and tired old fart right now
(walks with hands supporting the back)
WAIT dang it... distracted again. Noooo...
If it's not yours, don't touch it.
maybe also cos Australians are born different too…
Yes Rokuta… yes I did…
Why do I feel called out by your question?
Oh! Spray paint them!
oh. my. gawd.
I think we should give Cherry the heads up of the brand of Chaos™ on the server
Soooo... be nice to the server while I'm gone k?
good server… be good… stay good… I’mma need to finish my dinner first. Stay.
You disconnected
Fun, but… hmm…
Definitely no custom sounds.
so naturally Im a vampire afraid of the light mode
Hi-5!
My childhood...
I. Can. Hear. It.
I think Starbucks earned quite a bit from me.
It's not about the size, it's about how you use the space
but unfortunately... nahhhhh
Yassssss...
Kiji... Kija + Finnish Kiwi.... heh